good friends, counting on the
mention of today's times sometimes
let's go according to a roast beef burrito
which is different then to others
burritos is not other than us
like we've taken before and what
we have done repeatedly so
it seems we will occupy a package of
tortillas of those grandotas of the great
us for donkeys the grated cheese
pico de gallo this recipe is already the
we put if they remember and also potatoes to
the French either fried or baked
gone as I told you before
we are going to use we are using a
beef steak
is what are you seeing times
short screens and which one we are cooking
it is only an insect to prevent it
making meat without starch dress
beef and they're going to put it here in
a frying pan appointment and have it go to session
with pepper salt as you like a
Once we have our meat ready
our command that we are heating up
our tortilla for our burrito
Yes now let's go with the step
fun of all that is to do our
burrito true
in this case I put the cheese first not
I will explain why, because
tortilla is hot because I put the
meat second because meat too
it is hot after having
done we started it in squares like
are watching
we split it in small squares like being
seeing
then you can see burrito is not for you
also after we add our
french fries which we are just now
pulling out of our oven because I the
I bake them not be cold one thing
very important is if you want
you can add the beans is that it's
As I tell you, it's not a burrito like
all that are beans and rice and all
this is different ok and the truth is that
that is to say ready good as well what
filled with chips or chips
baked to taste
between less than 6 are used with potatoes
it's better that way they fatten less and our
tasty pico de gallo
which already teaches them to be previously
and use a spoon since I have a
fork we are here doing all the
quickie we do not want to stop going up
it's the recipe because everything we eat
they ask us for the recipe so here we are
another recipe and that's how we have our
all the ingredients as I say
they can use rice beans and everything
carries a common burrito but in this case
this is not a common burrito first
we fold from the edges
we fold the edges we pass them to
center and then we take the burrito and
we go around
and we keep thinking
until our burrito is formed
so excellent so fun here
our roast burrito was our
style like we like
a quick thing that we're going to share with you
once it's done
a car lies
a knife of your shadow appears there
plugging
from the formentera walls like this to
people
so you do not get half
one thing and then so this time the
cheese is melted
that was on the top because the
cheese the meat the potatoes and the peak of
rooster
that 's how our burrito is
true the truth is really quite
Well , I recommend them a lot to
who likes the chips and how they
I say I have to fry the really
you just have to bake them I hope that
this time you like it be your liking
and then leave your comments your photos
and they make them to the people of mexico maybe
They do not have this idea they will love it
friends are never left from selling them that
I am very well and sent your subject we have a
huge hug and see you soon